>> Woodruff: NEW COLLEGE
GRADUATES ARE MAKING THEIR WAY
OUT INTO A WORLD WITH NEW RULES,
SOCIAL CIRCLES AND MORNING
ALARMS.
CAROLINE KITCHENER IS THE AUTHOR
OF "POST GRAD: FIVE WOMEN AND
THEIR FIRST YEAR OUT OF
COLLEGE."
IN TONIGHT'S "IN MY HUMBLE
OPINION," SHE OFFERS SOME ADVICE
THAT COUNTERS WHAT SHE AND HER
PEERS WERE RAISED TO BELIEVE.
>> WHEN I WAS A KID, DOCTOR
BARBIE WAS THE ONLY BARBIE IN
CLOSET, AND DISNEY PRINCESS
MOVIES ALWAYS PROMPTED THE SAME
CONVERSATION WITH MY MOTHER:
HAPPY ENDINGS ABSOLUTELY DO NOT
REQUIRE A PRINCE CHARMING.
ALL THE ADULT WOMEN IN MY LIFE
HAD TO FIGHT AGAINST THE SAME
EXPECTATIONS-- GET MARRIED, HAVE
KIDS, LET SOMEONE ELSE MAKE
MONEY-- SO THEY WERE INTENT ON
CREATING A NEW SET OF
EXPECTATIONS FOR ME.
OVER THE YEARS, I BECAME MORE
AND MORE CONVINCED: MARRIAGE--
EVEN A SERIOUS RELATIONSHIP--
WAS A KIND OF WEAKNESS.
STRONG WOMEN DIDN'T NEED ANYONE.
WHILE I WAS IN COLLEGE, MY
FEMALE FRIENDS AND I WER
PRESSURED TO "LEAN IN" AND
STRIVE FOR ONE PARTICULAR KIND
OF SUCCESS: THE BEST, MOST
FULFILLING CAREER POSSIBLE.
FOR HIGH-ACHIEVING WOMEN MY AGE,
ROMANTIC RELATIONSHIPS WERE
SUPPOSED TO BE FAR LESS
IMPORTANT, PUT ON THE BACK
BURNER UNTIL WE WERE WELL ON OUR
WAY TO A CORNER OFFICE.
THIS IS WHERE MY VALUES CLASHED
WITH REAL LIFE.
AFTER GRADUATION, STARTED TO
WRITE A BOOK, AND ALL OF MY
WRITING CONTACTS WERE IN NEW
YORK.
THERE, I'D HAVE A MUCH STRONGER
PROFESSIONAL NETWORK THAN I
WOULD LIVING IN ANY OTHER CITY.
BUT MY BOYFRIEND GOT A JOB IN
D.C.
WHEN I STARTED TELLING PEOPLE
THAT I WAS MOVING TO D.C. TO BE
WITH ROBERT, THEY ALL GAVE ME
THIS SORT OF SAD, PITYING LOOK.
THEY SAID THINGS LIKE, "REALLY?"
"BUT YOU'RE SO YOUNG!"
I SPENT MY FIRST YEAR AFTER
GRADUATION SHADOWING FOUR OF MY
FEMALE CLASSMATES AND WRITING
ABOUT THEIR TRANSITION FROM
COLLEGE TO REAL LIFE.
IT WAS A TOUGH YEAR.
OUR ENTIRE LIVES, WE'D BEEN
SURROUNDED BY THIS BIG,
SUPPORTIVE COMMUNITY: PARENTS,
TEACHERS, A GROUP OF FRIENDS OUR
OWN AGE.
WHEN THAT ALL WENT AWAY, WE FELT
MORE ALONE THAN WE EVER HAD
BEFORE.
WE WANTED TO LEAN ON A PARTNER.
AND THAT MADE US FEEL INTENSELY
GUILTY.
SOMETIMES, RELATIONSHIPS HELP US
FIND OUR FOOTING IN AN ENTIRELY
NEW WORLD.
MY POINT ISN'T THAT ALL WOMEN
SHOULD PRIORITIZE ROMANCE AFTER
GRADUATION, JUST THAT THOSE OF
US WHO DO SHOULDN'T BE DEMONIZED
FOR IT.
GUYS WHO FOLLOW THEIR
GIRLFRIENDS DON'T GET THE SAME
JUDGMENT.
INSTEAD, THEY'RE OFTEN
CELEBRATED FOR BEING PROGRESSIVE
OR MODERN.
PEOPLE SAY, "THAT'S SO SWEET,"
OR "WOW, HE REALLY LOVES HER."
WE SHOULD ASK OURSELVES WHY
THESE DIFFERENT REACTIONS EXIST,
AND WHY YOUNG WOMEN CONTINUE TO
BE JUDGED FOR MAKI